feat(changelog): edge-services-added-edge-services-is-now-in-general-ava 2024-11-04 (#3939)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-04-edge-services-added-edge-services-is-now-in-general-ava.mdx

---
title: Edge Services is now in General Availability
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #edge-services channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-04
category: network
product: edge-services
---

Starting November 1st 2024, [Edge Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/edge-services/) is in General Availability for both Object Storage and Load Balancer usage.

> This means that the product is now ready for production environments.
> Edge Services is no longer free to use, and is now billed.
> Check out the [Edge Services pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/network/#edge-services) for full pricing details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the product is now ready for production environments, and Edge Services is no longer free to use. Find out about the new [Edge Services pricing](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/network/#edge-services) for full details.
```
